yes I am 19
I made this plate with talk
talc
we were in the pub somehow
got to know us
I think that was the favor of things
just that the horse is just time
so let's say our studio
busy because he is fresh there with the
saved his album
and I just found it interesting
to go somewhere
and just to work away from there
Hall
everyday life and city and
by coincidence, this has just result
with this with this forest cottage like that
I would have a house in the mountains
taken or or on a roof or
so
fuck the view from the couch from vocal
album love writes though horn sound
the way from the couch rock and pop
Actually, the third trek was actually
the first one we recorded that
We are happy to announce that we have one too
very cruelly resumed and we
had these
we have couch pillows between the
Tiled stove and the band squeezed
so that is how a kind of profession is and
Alone the departure enough and if
he then a funny classetor
i was with the chelsea years ago
jesse of choice persistent to jesse so yes that
was the first track we recorded
but not as he is there
hanks party mood damn the
shoes from her can be your advertising
on
today is tomorrow then comes in the heart
prag if I find you are just like that
Fresh is fantastic from the boom factory
you do you wear it you do it
somehow do or outgrow what i do
Stop hoping on the main stage
frankfurter hardly hits the big clubs
1000 the surfer chance
was the
was the second
limits we have recorded
which I actually on the
have written automobile and while
of the recording process during the
Processes stop there by durchs
tilt in the mpc we have the junk
speed detected in any case it was
a spontaneous decision that we have jobs
on the way
otherwise he would have come to the car
You do not really feel like that anymore
can imagine correctly
it just did not fit again
Tracking sit writes
to reduce scarcely rise up to one
half day after such slow
offers needs
even getting in white free
glances the obstler finest
enemy musician mixing houses
produced in the forest on songs and world
on
I always do the same only none
art white art operator klaus kinski
I prefer to go out and work out yes
laurel leaf hate in any case there
bay leaf produces I have there
but I 've got it
actually more of that produces a lot
or have already said so
laid out sketches and then said okay
there was something for me, too
sometimes forest just a sample
air as you so yes that somehow a
Feeling for so and though, so to speak
simply produced with drums
provided or else what can happen
one still has to say about the situation there
There it really does not have any
reception
if you really meticulously sought that
do you have somewhere a half bar
has an sms can receive
and it was quiet so there is at the moment
that we sat in the room
work filmed it was quiet the
Window wall open one has
quarter heard again
and then there was a total silence
so classical a picture stabilizer
work and that was
I had then a twice as
awareness of a baby crass as crass
it really is separate
internet offers the full repertoire
Everyone sticks the camps of his head
from women read shades of why walsh
lying in bed our current now makes
the sun
I would now the ten new plate
not as a pure battle rap or something
describe
I do not know how to call it
should be so but yes it definitely has
already
what made it all alone
work
maybe you will learn here too
a little more about the people the 99th
plate
this good piece
it's always only 9 as we ourselves
There are also instruments of the stairs
I think from the moment it is not
not so much there so you have to
if you have the instruments now
you want to hurry
on hv de there is this to acquire
good piece
No